You're looking great today!
You are fucking awesome, don't let anyone tell you otherwise <3
Keep going! You will get there!
You're doing great! Keep it up!
You can do it! Don't let your dreams be memes!
You mean a lot to me
You're pretty
You're a smart cookie
I like your style
I appreciate you
You are the most perfect you there is
You're an awesome friend
You light up the room
You deserve a hug right now
You should be proud of yourself
You're more helpful than you realize
I'm proud of you <3
You have the courage of your convictions
You are making a difference
You are gorgeous
You're like sunshine on a rainy day
You bring out the best in other people
Everything would be better if more people were like you!
Hanging out with you is always a blast
Being around you makes everything better!
Colors seem brighter when you're around
You're wonderful
You're one of a kind!
You're an inspiration
Our community is better because you're in it
Someone is getting through something hard right now because you've got their back
The people you love are lucky to have you in their lives
You're like a breath of fresh air
Any team would be lucky to have you on it
There's ordinary, and then there's you
You're someone's reason to smile
You're really something special
You're a gift to those around you
Your smile is contagious :D
Talking to you is like a breath of fresh air!
Your creativity is on another level!
You're irreplaceable
You are more amazing than you realize
Everyone needs a friend like you in their life <3
I love that you can always find that silver lining in bad situations
Your ideas will change the world one day
If only everyone was as sweet as you
Your laugh is my favorite sound
You make me feel so lucky to have known you
You're one in a million, I'm glad you're in my life
You have the prettiest smile I've ever seen
I feel proud just having you by my side
Please never stop being you
Your hugs make all my troubles melt away
You make the world more interesting
You bright up people's day with just a simple wave 'hi'
You deserve an award for everything you do
When I grow up, I want to be just like you
Your hard work is going to take you far
Being around you is like a happy little vacation
You're talented beyond your years!
You're so inspiring you don’t even realize it
Talking to you always puts me in a good mood
Your bright personality is infectious
If only everyone was as sweet as you
People are so lucky to have known you
You're strong for making it this far, keep it up!
Our community is better because you’re in it <3
You're so fricking amazing, anyone is lucky to have met you